rename features (#6)
yuizho/repo-insights: README.md

  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  pr        This command allows you to get activity data of a GitHub Pull...

>   release  This command allows you to get a releases data of a...

Author: ```suggestion
  release  This command allows you to get activity data of a GitHub Release.
```

  --help                        Show this message and exit.
```

### Release

```

> Usage: repo-insights releases [OPTIONS] REPOSITORY_NAME PERSONAL_TOKEN

Author: ```suggestion
Usage: repo-insights release [OPTIONS] REPOSITORY_NAME PERSONAL_TOKEN
```
